In IT, a big part of our job is solving problems.

This first step is all about identifying information. You need to completely understand what the problem might be. And if 
possible, you want to be able to duplicate the problem.

Now we can go to our list. We’ll start at the top, and we’ll start testing the theories that we have that 
might be causing this particular issue. We can then determine what the next steps might be to resolve the problem

Once you successfully identify which one of your theories actually solves the problem, then it’s time to implement the solution.

Once you’ve applied the fix, you still have to test and make sure that your fix actually solved the problem. You can test this
yourself. And you may even want to consider bringing in your customer, because they’ll be the ultimate arbiter on whether this problem was really resolved.

Now that the problem has been implemented, you’ve tested, and everything’s back to normal, it might be worthwhile to 
create some preventative measures so that this problem doesn’t occur in the future.

You create a plan of action on how you’re going to resolve this issue. You implement that plan. And then you test it and make
sure that the system is performing exactly as expected. Once all of this is completed, you document the entire process you went through. And 
now you can solve any problem that you’re faced with in an IT environment

ALL above information was sourced from the article “How to Troubleshoot – CompTIA A+ 220-902 – 5.5”
https://www.professormesser.com/free-a-plus-training/220-902/how-to-troubleshoot/

I worked in manufacturing for a number of years so we always had a process or an order of operations, whether
you're building something, troubleshooting, or fixing a previously diagnosed problem there's typically a well-documented 
order of operations that helps you handle the problem in the most efficient way possible. The CompTIA Plus troubleshooting 
breakdown follows the same methodology,  your identifying the problem, asking as many questions as you can from the user who 
encountered the problem, once you've identified the problem then you implement a solution, once that solution has corrected 
the problem and you've done all necessary testing then you move on to documentation.
